Refresh the network-huawei-snmp documentation (#2929)
centreon/centreon-documentation: i18n/fr/docusaurus-plugin-content-docs-pp/current/integrations/plugin-packs/procedures/network-huawei-snmp.md

|:--------------------------|:--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|:------------------------------------------------------|:-----------:|
| OIDFILTER                 | Define the OID to be used to filter interfaces (default: ifName) (values: ifDesc, ifAlias, ifName, IpAddr)                                                                                                          | ifname                                                |             |
| OIDDISPLAY                | Define the OID that will be used to name the interfaces (default: ifName) (values: ifDesc, ifAlias, ifName, IpAddr)                                                                                                 | ifname                                                |             |

> | INTERFACENAME             | Set the interface (number expected) example: 1,2,... (empty means 'check all interfaces')                                                                                                                           |                                                       |             |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| INTERFACENAME             | Set the interface (number expected). Example: 1,2... (empty means 'check all interfaces')                                                                                                                           |                                                       |             |
```

| WARNINGINDISCARD          | Thresholds (will superseed --\[warning-critical\]-errors). : 'input-power' (dBm), 'bias-current' (mA), 'output-power' (dBm), 'module-temperature' (C)                                                               |                                                       |             |
| CRITICALINDISCARD         | Thresholds (will superseed --\[warning-critical\]-errors). : 'input-power' (dBm), 'bias-current' (mA), 'output-power' (dBm), 'module-temperature' (C)                                                               |                                                       |             |
| WARNINGINERROR            | Thresholds (will superseed --\[warning-critical\]-errors). : 'input-power' (dBm), 'bias-current' (mA), 'output-power' (dBm), 'module-temperature' (C)                                                               |                                                       |             |

> | CRITICALINERROR           | Thresholds (will superseed --\[warning-critical\]-errors). : 'input-power' (dBm), 'bias-current' (mA), 'output-power' (dBm), 'module-temperature' (C)                                                               |                                                       |             |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| CRITICALINERROR           | Thresholds (will supersede --\[warning-critical\]-errors). : 'input-power' (dBm), 'bias-current' (mA), 'output-power' (dBm), 'module-temperature' (C)                                                               |                                                       |             |
```

| WARNINGINTRAFFIC          | Thresholds (will superseed --\[warning-critical\]-errors). : 'input-power' (dBm), 'bias-current' (mA), 'output-power' (dBm), 'module-temperature' (C)                                                               |                                                       |             |
| CRITICALINTRAFFIC         | Thresholds (will superseed --\[warning-critical\]-errors). : 'input-power' (dBm), 'bias-current' (mA), 'output-power' (dBm), 'module-temperature' (C)                                                               |                                                       |             |
| WARNINGMODULETEMPERATURE  | Thresholds (will superseed --\[warning-critical\]-errors). : 'input-power' (dBm), 'bias-current' (mA), 'output-power' (dBm), 'module-temperature' (C)                                                               |                                                       |             |

> | CRITICALMODULETEMPERATURE | Thresholds (will superseed --\[warning-critical\]-errors). : 'input-power' (dBm), 'bias-current' (mA), 'output-power' (dBm), 'module-temperature' (C)                                                               |                                                       |             |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| CRITICALMODULETEMPERATURE | Thresholds (will supersede --\[warning-critical\]-errors). : 'input-power' (dBm), 'bias-current' (mA), 'output-power' (dBm), 'module-temperature' (C)                                                               |                                                       |             |
```

> | WARNINGOUTDISCARD         | Thresholds (will superseed --\[warning-critical\]-errors). : 'input-power' (dBm), 'bias-current' (mA), 'output-power' (dBm), 'module-temperature' (C)                                                               |                                                       |             |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| WARNINGOUTDISCARD         | Thresholds (will supersede --\[warning-critical\]-errors). : 'input-power' (dBm), 'bias-current' (mA), 'output-power' (dBm), 'module-temperature' (C)                                                               |                                                       |             |
```

> | CRITICALOUTDISCARD        | Thresholds (will superseed --\[warning-critical\]-errors). : 'input-power' (dBm), 'bias-current' (mA), 'output-power' (dBm), 'module-temperature' (C)                                                               |                                                       |             |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| CRITICALOUTDISCARD        | Thresholds (will supersede --\[warning-critical\]-errors). : 'input-power' (dBm), 'bias-current' (mA), 'output-power' (dBm), 'module-temperature' (C)                                                               |                                                       |             |
```

> | WARNINGOUTERROR           | Thresholds (will superseed --\[warning-critical\]-errors). : 'input-power' (dBm), 'bias-current' (mA), 'output-power' (dBm), 'module-temperature' (C)                                                               |                                                       |             |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| WARNINGOUTERROR           | Thresholds (will supersede --\[warning-critical\]-errors). : 'input-power' (dBm), 'bias-current' (mA), 'output-power' (dBm), 'module-temperature' (C)                                                               |                                                       |             |
```

> | CRITICALOUTERROR          | Thresholds (will superseed --\[warning-critical\]-errors). : 'input-power' (dBm), 'bias-current' (mA), 'output-power' (dBm), 'module-temperature' (C)                                                               |                                                       |             |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| CRITICALOUTERROR          | Thresholds (will supersede --\[warning-critical\]-errors). : 'input-power' (dBm), 'bias-current' (mA), 'output-power' (dBm), 'module-temperature' (C)                                                               |                                                       |             |
```

> | WARNINGOUTPUTPOWER        | Thresholds (will superseed --\[warning-critical\]-errors). : 'input-power' (dBm), 'bias-current' (mA), 'output-power' (dBm), 'module-temperature' (C)                                                               |                                                       |             |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| WARNINGOUTPUTPOWER        | Thresholds (will supersede --\[warning-critical\]-errors). : 'input-power' (dBm), 'bias-current' (mA), 'output-power' (dBm), 'module-temperature' (C)                                                               |                                                       |             |
```

> | CRITICALOUTPUTPOWER       | Thresholds (will superseed --\[warning-critical\]-errors). : 'input-power' (dBm), 'bias-current' (mA), 'output-power' (dBm), 'module-temperature' (C)                                                               |                                                       |             |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| CRITICALOUTPUTPOWER       | Thresholds (will supersede --\[warning-critical\]-errors). : 'input-power' (dBm), 'bias-current' (mA), 'output-power' (dBm), 'module-temperature' (C)                                                               |                                                       |             |
```

> | WARNINGOUTTRAFFIC         | Thresholds (will superseed --\[warning-critical\]-errors). : 'input-power' (dBm), 'bias-current' (mA), 'output-power' (dBm), 'module-temperature' (C)                                                               |                                                       |             |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| WARNINGOUTTRAFFIC         | Thresholds (will supersede --\[warning-critical\]-errors). : 'input-power' (dBm), 'bias-current' (mA), 'output-power' (dBm), 'module-temperature' (C)                                                               |                                                       |             |
```

> | CRITICALOUTTRAFFIC        | Thresholds (will superseed --\[warning-critical\]-errors). : 'input-power' (dBm), 'bias-current' (mA), 'output-power' (dBm), 'module-temperature' (C)                                                               |                                                       |             |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| CRITICALOUTTRAFFIC        | Thresholds (will supersede --\[warning-critical\]-errors). : 'input-power' (dBm), 'bias-current' (mA), 'output-power' (dBm), 'module-temperature' (C)                                                               |                                                       |             |
```

| --debug                                    | Display debug messages.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |

> | --filter-perfdata                          | Filter perfdata that match the regexp. Example: adding --filter-perfdata='avg' will remove all metrics that do not contain 'avg' from performance data.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| --filter-perfdata                          | Keep only perfdata that match the regexp. Example: adding --filter-perfdata='avg' will remove all metrics that do not contain 'avg' from performance data.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |
```

| --float-precision                          | Define the float precision for thresholds (default: 8).                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |

> | --source-encoding                          | Define the character encoding of the response sent by the monitored resource Default: 'UTF-8'.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| --source-encoding                          | Define the character encoding of the response sent by the monitored resource. Default: 'UTF-8'.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           |
```

| --maxrepetitions                           | Max repetitions value (default: 50) (only for SNMP v2 and v3).                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           |

> | --subsetleef                               | How many OID values per SNMP request (default: 50) (for get\_leef method. Be cautious when you set it. Prefer to let the default value).                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| --subsetleef                               | How many OID values per SNMP request (default: 50) (for get\_leef method. Be cautious when you change this. It is recommended to leave the default value).                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 |
```

| --warning-errors                                | Set warning threshold for all error counters.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |
| --critical-errors                               | Set critical threshold for all error counters.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 |

> | --warning-* --critical-*                        | Thresholds (will superseed --\[warning-critical\]-errors). Can be: 'total-port', 'total-admin-up', 'total-admin-down', 'total-oper-up', 'total-oper-down', 'in-traffic', 'out-traffic', 'in-error', 'in-discard', 'out-error', 'out-discard', 'in-ucast', 'in-bcast', 'in-mcast', 'out-ucast', 'out-bcast', 'out-mcast', 'speed' (b/s).  And also: 'input-power' (dBm), 'bias-current' (mA), 'output-power' (dBm), 'module-temperature' (C).   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| --warning-* --critical-*                        | Thresholds (will supersede --\[warning-critical\]-errors). Can be: 'total-port', 'total-admin-up', 'total-admin-down', 'total-oper-up', 'total-oper-down', 'in-traffic', 'out-traffic', 'in-error', 'in-discard', 'out-error', 'out-discard', 'in-ucast', 'in-bcast', 'in-mcast', 'out-ucast', 'out-bcast', 'out-mcast', 'speed' (b/s).  And also: 'input-power' (dBm), 'bias-current' (mA), 'output-power' (dBm), 'module-temperature' (C).   |
```

| --units-cast                                    | Units of thresholds for communication types (default: 'percent\_delta') ('percent\_delta', 'percent', 'delta', 'deltaps', 'counter').                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          |
| --nagvis-perfdata                               | Display traffic perfdata to be compatible with nagvis widget.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |

> | --interface                                     | Set the interface (number expected) example: 1,2,... (empty means 'check all interfaces').                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| --interface                                     | Set the interface (number expected). Example: 1,2... (empty means 'check all interfaces').                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     |
```

> | --name                                          | Allows you to define the interface (in option --interface) byname instead of OID index. The name matching mode supports regular expressions.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| --name                                          | Allows you to define the interface (in option --interface) by name instead of OID index. The name matching mode supports regular expressions.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   |
```

| --speed-in                                      | Set interface speed for incoming traffic (in Mb).                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              |
| --speed-out                                     | Set interface speed for outgoing traffic (in Mb).                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              |

> | --force-counters32                              | Force to use 32 bits counters (even in snmp v2c and v3). Should be used when 64 bits counters are buggy.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| --force-counters32                              | Force to use 32-bit counters (even in snmp v2c and v3). Should be used when 64-bit counters are buggy.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       |
```

| --oid-extra-display                             | Add an OID to display.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         |
| --display-transform-src --display-transform-dst | Modify the interface name displayed by using a regular expression.  Example: adding --display-transform-src='eth' --display-transform-dst='ens' will replace all occurrences of 'eth' with 'ens'                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               |

> | --show-cache                                    | Display cache interface datas.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| --show-cache                                    | Display cache interface data.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 |
```

| --statefile-cipher     | Define the cipher algorithm to encrypt the cache (default: 'AES').                                                                                                                                                                            |
| --warning-uptime       | Warning threshold.                                                                                                                                                                                                                            |
| --critical-uptime      | Critical threshold.                                                                                                                                                                                                                           |
| --add-sysdesc          | Display system description.                                                                                                                                                                                                                   |

> | --force-oid            | Can choose your oid (numeric format only).                                                                                                                                                                                                    |

Reviewer: ?

> | --check-overload       | Uptime counter limit is 4294967296 and overflow. With that option, we manage the counter going back. But there is a few chance we can miss a reboot.                                                                                          |

Reviewer: find correction in earlier PR
